Playground handbook (#2094)
microsoft/TypeScript-Website: packages/playground-handbook/Writing JavaScript.md

## Writing JavaScript

> "Write JavaScript in the _TypeScript_ Playground, madness!" - maybe, but there's a few of majors cases for why you would want to do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Write JavaScript in the _TypeScript_ Playground, madness!" - maybe, but there's a few major cases for why you would want to do this:
```

1. **Learning typed-JavaScript** - JSDoc-flavoured JavaScript is TypeScript-lite without the tooling overhead and with weirder syntax. JSDoc-flavoured JavaScript is both a legitimate stepping stone to migrating to TypeScript and a perfectly good stopping point for getting richer tools without additional complexity.

1. **Debugging JavaScript .d.ts conversion** - TypeScript can generate `.d.ts` files from `.js` files, which gives library authors the chance to stay in JavaScript but still offer a rich developer experience to their users. The `.d.ts` sidebar tab offers a fast-feedback cycle for understanding how the code is understood by TypeScript.

1. **Experiment with code flow analysis and `jsconfig.json` settings** - A JavaScript project can use a `jsconfig.json` file to set up their tooling experience, and the Playground can be used to emulate that environment.

> 1. **Running JavaScript locally** - You can copy in modern JavaScript syntax, and it will be automatically backported to older JavaScript syntax which means you can reliably run it. Making it easy to do a quick 'does this work' playground and hit Run to see the output.

Reviewer: downlevel instead of backport?
